You want me to put the hammer out ?!
Finished?
Hello.
Are you still here?
Here.
Why didn't you escape while we discussed our disagreements?
I will not say.
Okay, we're not gonna bring it back to the base. Tuti is licking something.
That's how the WINDOWS should have ended
Shield!
Gentlemen, here you go.
Su-dá!
Here comes the hammer!
Back from where you came from!
Say again. Say once more, "What?"
Nikita istenke, nyikhaj istenke, nyikhaj istenke.
Nuclear Charge!
Guys, have you eaten gyros?
Are you selling food here?
Yeah.
You never eat gyros?
GYROS!
Uh, why am I sitting on Hulk's lap?
New!
Hey,
I'm Batman.
You want to know who's under the mask?
Why?!
Khm, so ...
it was a nice little weekend.
It's not an expression.
You were first against each other,
then kill your buddy
you will suddenly be friends.
Has anyone died?
Well, what ...
you missed that part a bit.
But your friend wanted to be a sweetheart anyway later.
Immediately after sleeping in the sky and suddenly you have learned to deal with your anger.
And you stole a motor?
Details are not important.
Details like Odin could send Thor back?
We?
Or does the professor make a chance to close the gate?
That's good for you.
Or is Chitaurik all dying in "Foolish Shadows" style?
Yeah.
One chance after another.
Hmm ... as you don't go into the accounts?
Do you know what I think?
I think you're just jealous,
we have done such a great job.
Perfectly!
Verily!
Sorry, guys.
I'm not jealous,
I'm Batman.
I would be jealous if I wasn't like you together.
If I couldn't fly,
or shoot lasers or catch missiles, or see them very far, or crush buildings,
or wearing red-blue ...
What? You're starting to get lost!
We have decided too many records!
We do not hear of this many soldiers!
Gyrooos.
Natasha, do you have a wound on my face?
It hurts enough.
Right here.
Not here, but not here
but right here.
No, it's all right.
Hey, guys, it's time, dress up!
MY GOODNESS!
What happened to your face?
I knew it!